docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/private-packages.md

The recommended approaches in order of preference are:

1. **Self-hosted hostRules**: Configure a hostRules entry in the bot's `config.js` with the `hostType`, `matchHost` and `token` specified
2. **The Mend Renovate App with private modules from npmjs.org**: Add an encrypted `npmToken` to your Renovate config

> 3. **The Mend Renovate App with a private registry**: Add a plaintext `npmrc` plus an encrypted `npmToken` in config

Author: ```suggestion
1. **The Mend Renovate App with private modules from npmjs.org**: Add an encrypted `npmToken` to your Renovate config
1. **The Mend Renovate App with a private registry**: Add a plaintext `npmrc` plus an encrypted `npmToken` in config

Renovate will then use the following logic:

1. If no `npmrc` string is present in config then one will be created with the `_authToken` pointing to the default npmjs registry

> 2. If an `npmrc` string is present and has a `${NPM_TOKEN}` then that placeholder will be replaced with the decrypted token
> 3. If an `npmrc` string is present but doesn't have a `${NPM_TOKEN}` then the file will have `_authToken=<token>` appended to it

Author: ```suggestion
1. If an `npmrc` string is present and has a `${NPM_TOKEN}` then that placeholder will be replaced with the decrypted token
1. If an `npmrc` string is present but doesn't have a `${NPM_TOKEN}` then the file will have `_authToken=<token>` appended to it
```
